In the last lecture we created our form here in typescript.
The issue is it's nice to have it here but our actual form you could say layoffs in the aged female
template.
So we somehow need to synchronize our aged female inputs and our own form or this form in general with
our own forum.
Right now Engler doesn't know which of our typescript controlled here relates to which input in our
template code it actually doesn't even know that our forum SIGN UP FOR ME YOUR should be attached to
this form.
Right now the one thing it is doing is it is auto detecting that this is a form and it creates a form
for us.
Now we don't want to do that.
So we have to add some directives to override to Stiefel behavior to give angular different instructions
for these directives to work.
You definitely need to make sure that you add the import to reactive forms module in your app module.
Otherwise you will get errors.
Now the first directive we need to add is here on the form itself why are property binding the form
group directive.
Now this simply tells angular hey please take my form group.
Don't infer one.
Don't create a form for me.
Use my form group and we need to set up property binding here because we need to pass our form as an
argument to the directive.
So here we should reference our sign up for the property we created here which stores our form.
We're passing this why are property binding to the form group and now this form is actually synchronized
with the form be created in typescript but we still need to tell angular which controls should be connected
to which inputs and the template code.
For days we get a number directive on this input here.
For example the username we add the form control name directive to tail Engler.
Hey what's the name of this input in my form.
In my typescript form.
Well the name is username this name here because that's the control I want to connect to does input.
So I simply pass username here.
If you're wondering why I'm not using property binding I'm passing a string here.
So if you want to use property 1 you can do this by wrapping this in square brackets and then in closing
username and single quotation marks.
Otherwise it would search for a property named username but this is overly complicated.
If you just want to pass a string simply omit the square brackets and you're good to go.
So if this were taling angler Hey my form should be connected to my to the form stored in the sign up
for that property.
And in this form does input here should be connected to the control with the name username.
Well now I can simply repeat this for the email here the name was email the name we set up here.
Now this control is connected.
And for the gender of course.
So does input here.
I will blindest to gender.
Now if this is let's save this so that it compiles.
And now let's have a look at it.
We don't see any arrows which looks good.
We see that mail is pre-select that looks promising because that was the default value we said when
we created the control and typescript and if we now switch to femal only one of the two is selected.
We also see that if we get select email here that the angular classes are attached untouched pristine
valid and so on.
So it indeed looks like our inputs and HTL are correctly synchronized to our floor and we create a typescript.
So this was successful.
The next step was to actually submit the form to see how this works.